you
this Jerry show and this is holy stones
m62 mini quad copter this little guy
right here has a built-in camera and
flies ridiculously awesome i mean this
is one of my favorite quads today and
just the way performs is awesome now
they do sell two different ones they
have a red one and they have a white one
the red one actually comes with four
sets okay four sets of four propellers
and then you also get an extra battery
and so you gotta you know it's a little
bit of an upgrade there's about a ten
dollar difference but I think it's going
around thirty seven dollars compared to
around forty seven dollars and this is
an excellent quad to learn on it's so
quiet it flies aggressive pretty
aggressive I'll show you that here in
one second but it does a really good job
and I definitely recommend it real quick
let's look at the transmitter this is
not really new to holy stones
transmitter they're kind of traditional
they all look real similar there the sky
tech but over here on the left side we
have the this will go up and down the
throttle and also it spins the
quadcopter like this and over on the
other directional we have left right
forward and back so that will make the
quad go forward back left and right and
down here is where we have the trims and
we have two different modes on this you
can tell which mode it is is because it
will beep twice at you okay we'll go
beep once then beep beep for twice I
don't have any batteries in it right now
but that's what it will do and then for
to record video you push down on that
button to stop video don't forget you
got to stop your video you push down on
that and then take a picture you just
push up real quick i want to point this
out because i had a problem with it at
first to take video or pictures you
actually have to put it in a video or
picture mode and that's by pushing down
this button the center one right here so
i just push it down you'll see that
change color see how to change
right there it adds a little bit of red
now I can take video in pictures so when
I push down to take the video start the
video you'll see this glow and as long
as it's taking the video it will stay
red as soon as you stop the video it
turns off and then take a picture with
flash once now I can take it out of
photo or video mode by pushing that
button again so that's basically the
controls we do have a flip button here
all you have to do is push this button
and the directional pad whatever way you
want to flip and go super high and just
start flipping after one after another
after another so with that being said
let's just go ahead and use some flying
all right so before we go fly want to
point out a few things that I forgot to
mention here we have these prop bird
quadcopter protector things here and
they slide off they come with both the
red one and the white one and they're
easy to take on and off you just pop the
propeller off and then slip them on I
think I have them on the right way not
quite sure though but either way that
it's kind of snapped right in there and
also they have this landing gear on the
bottom and the landing gear I fly
without it you can fly either way it
just pops out and then pops in I
actually haven't flown it yet with the
landing gear but I would have seemed
kind of like landing gear like this just
I don't know why not just fly it without
it off because it's not really you still
got these four feet here it can land on
and does a pretty good job just with
that but other than that I did want to
point out the charger here is the
charger and to charge it you just plug
it into the USB you'll see it glow red
and then you'll plug in the battery as
soon as i plug in the battery it will go
the red light will turn off so and that
means that will indicate that it's
charging in one second here the
connection there we go you see that the
red light went off now and as soon as
the red light turns back on that means
that the the battery is charged and you
don't want to let these sit on the
charger overnight or anything like that
as soon as they're charged it's a pretty
good idea to take them off they have a
chance of exploding if
you don't so just make sure you take
those off but other than that there it
is and let's go ahead and get some
footage
let's go around so you're not shooting
into the Sun
so I bring it up around that branch real
quick see how good my perception is
drone Wars do these things are awesome
yeah they are I want a pink one 30 haba
thurs holy stones m62 any quadcopter
this thing does really fly really good
and can definitely take a beating
because we've flown it I've let some new
Flyers fly it and it can take a beating
so there you have it and thanks for
watching
whoa thing mines out of battery